Update stuff about the Team (#195)
solid/solidproject.org: pages/team.md

## Mitzi László
**Solid Manager**
Mitzi László is Communications Manager at Inrupt. She graduated in neuroscience from Kings College London before working for a Brazilian epidemiology study funded by the Wellcome Trust specialising in decision making. Her frustration at not being able to access data for public health research is what led her to work on data ethics, security, and trust. She has worked as an independent advisor for the European Commission and is a regular public speaker at venues such as the Berkman Klein Centre and the Ada Lovelace Festival as well as featuring on BBC Tomorrow's World.

# Editors
Editors are responsible for maintaining and reviewing suggestions to the Solid specification.  

## Sarven Capadisli
**Solid Editor**

> Sarven Capadisli is a technical architect at Inrupt. He contributes to the advancement of open Web platform specifications and the development of social decentralised applications and was part of the MIT Solid project. He is active as an information architect and scientist in linked research communication.

Reviewer: Suggested change:
```
[Sarven Capadisli](https://csarven.ca/#i) is a technical architect at Inrupt and has been involved in the evolution of Solid alongside TimBL at MIT since 2015. He contributes to the advancement of technical specifications in the Solid ecosystem and aims to ensure open consensus within a common ethical framework.
```

## Ruben Verborgh
**Solid Editor**

> Ruben Verborgh is a professor of decentralised Web technology at IDLab, Ghent University – IMEC, and a research affiliate at the Decentralised Information Group of CSAIL at MIT. Additionally, he acts as a technology advocate for Inrupt and the Solid ecosystem wherein people and organisations control their own data. He focuses on ecosystem architecture and developer experience.

Reviewer 2: - It's typeset `imec`.
- Can we leave the spelling of Decentralized with a Z? It's the official name of the DIG group.

Author: if we change the logo usage guidelines to American spelling rather than British spelling and then update the whole website, yes https://solidproject.org/logo-usage-guidelines

Reviewer 2: We don't need to change the entire website, just use the correct names of my institutions, please. If not possible, I'm fine with removing my bio.

> Ruben Verborgh is a professor of decentralised Web technology at IDLab, Ghent University – imec, and a research affiliate at the Decentralised Information Group of CSAIL at MIT. Additionally, he acts as a technology advocate for Inrupt and the Solid ecosystem wherein people and organisations control their own data. He focuses on ecosystem architecture and developer experience.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Ruben Verborgh](https://ruben.verborgh.org/) focuses on ecosystem architecture and developer experience.
```

With this link, it's perpetually correct and there are no other concerns. We can't rename an MIT group because of a styling guide.
